welcome to the man recaps this is Blade
Runner the original or at least the 1997
director's cut
welcome to future Los Angeles in the
distant year of 2019 it's an overcrowded
ad blasted trash filled dystopia so
pretty accurate except it rains a lot in
this movie they started making
genetically engineered like robot people
to go do work offworld but if they rebel
and try to be real humans then the blade
runners have to go and shut them down
Harrison Ford is one such Blade Runner
although he doesn't carry a sword or
wear rollerblades so I'm not sure why
they're named that anyway this guy is
taking a psych test to prove he's human
but turns out he is a robot so he shoots
up the doctor of the really powerful gun
apparently so they bring in Harrison
Ford and he's like a chief I'm retired
but they're like Deckard you're the best
we got we need you on this case see he
was one of four robots that rebelled
recently and they're hiding somewhere on
earth pretending to be human so he goes
to see the president of the company that
makes the robots but he's got this
assistant Rachel who was a superhot
1980s sci-fi babe and it's like hey do a
test on her to see if she's a robot just
for the lulz and turns out she is but
she doesn't know it he's like yeah
that's right we gave her memories so she
thinks she's human whoa
she follows Harrison Ford home and he's
like look babe sorry you're a robot and
she cries and then runs away so the
super intense white haired guy is the
leader of the robots and they go seek
old scientist and they're like hey we're
programmed to die after four years I
need you to extend my lifespan he's like
no only the president of the company
could do that but to see him you need to
befriend this other guy first so they
send their other robot friend who's
posing as a trash hooker to go meet this
guy and he doesn't get many girls so he
invites her up to his apartment his
hobby by the way is genetically
engineering super creepy [ __ ] robots
so that's nice person Ford goes to the
one robots apartment and he finds some
pictures and uses some super advanced
1980s technology to enhance the photo
and find a snake lady so he tracks her
down at the local snake the girls strip
club but she knows he's the post who has
to chase her through the streets and his
shoots are down in cold blood and she
slow-motion falls through this glass
window for like 15 minutes
so Chiefs like good job Deckard only
three more to go except now you have to
track down
Rachel also because she's run away too
but on his way home the first robot
finds him it slaps him around for a bit
and boom though he gets shot in the head
and it's Rachel she saved his life she
comes back to his apartment and after
some really rough foreplay she decides
she's in love with him and they get it
on so the last two robots pretend to
befriend the weird robot doll guy he's
got a chess game going with the
president of the company so they
convinced him to bring him in and he's
like hello curry
I need you to expend my life and it's
like no we can't do that it's physically
impossible so he kisses him on the lips
and then crushes his head like the
mountain and Game of Thrones misleads
Harrison Ford to the weird guys
apartment where he finds the last girl
robot and they have a little fight where
she ends up flipping and he ends up just
shooting her so in lawn drøbak comes
home he is so mad that he strips down
shirtless and finds a dove and he chases
Harrison forward to the roof where he's
about to fall but no he grabs him he
saves his life instead he forces him to
listen to his self written poetry which
is a fate worse than death and just then
the robots for uses up and he dies and
the Dove flies off into the sky
symbolizing something seriously what is
this movie by the way Harrison Ford's
blade running partner dresses like a
pimp and he's like I know you've been
banging that Rachel robot I've got a
hunter down now since you won't so
Harrison goes back to his apartment and
finds her and he's gonna take her away
but he finds a little origami unicorn
which was his partner's a hobby and so
he runs away with Rachel and depending
on the cut that's how it ends
[Music]